are you starting youtube for the money
hiya and welcome to my 1 000 subscriber
q a
i am simultaneously mind blown and
humbled to be doing this at all
so thank you so much to everyone i asked
you to send me in questions on instagram
and apologies if i do not get to yours i
had a lot more than i anticipated
so if you still have a burning question
at the end of this feel free to dm me i
will try to get back to you
so i have the questions here and let's
get straight into it
the first question and one i don't think
i'm getting away from is why did you
start youtube
oh i i don't know how to put this
shortly and sweetly
i wanted to create a space so a tiny
little quarter on the internet
where i talk about things that i am
interested in and
the potential side effects to this are
one that
one day hopefully someone can watch my
video and benefit from it and two
i hope it puts me in a position wherein
i can connect with people who have
similar interests to me
so i guess those are the two reasons
that i started a youtube channel
and you know it's also cool that i get
to be creative because that is also
something that i like
so yeah the second question is what is
something weird about you
where do i even start with this one and
there's a lot of weird things about me
i think the most recent one that i
discovered is that i eat apples whole
like top to bottom including the core
and apparently not everyone does this it
saves you a lot of time from getting up
and throwing things away
and also you don't create any waste and
you don't have to leave the sticky
middle parts in random places so i would
definitely
recommend getting used to eating apples
that way are you starting youtube for
the money
what money um i've just lost money with
this channel i did think about this a
lot before starting a channel so i did
explore
my thinking and my reasoning to the
extent that i can
but if i don't i've never bought a
lottery ticket in my life
and i think starting youtube to make
money is kind of
on the level of buying a lottery ticket
you don't really know what will happen
if i wanted to make money i could just
continue working on the channel that i
am um and make money the same day rather
than lose money through doing youtube
so no it is definitely not for the money
having said that obviously if i could
make some of it back that i've lost
in it already that would be absolutely
fabulous so i wouldn't say no to it but
it's not a money-making strategy
the next question is stop wearing black
that is not a question but i will refer
to it anyway
uh everyone asks me about this do i only
wear black yes i do
for the last six years i've worn
exclusively black
almost except for scrubs obviously which
are blue or pink but unless i'm staying
over at someone else's house or
borrowing their clothes
which then it's fine all of my clothes
are only black
and the reason for this is that it's
just a lot
simpler um i get to make less choices in
the morning everything goes with
everything else and it's really easy my
goal for 2021 is to wear something that
is not black and buy non-black clothes
so if anyone has recommendations
please let me know the next question is
why don't you ask people to subscribe to
you
and there were two or three of these and
i was very surprised that anyone noticed
but
um yes i don't ask people to subscribe
to me on youtube
and yes it is intentional uh the reason
for this is
that it was initially a huge barrier to
me for starting youtube that i could
never imagine
sitting in front of a camera and asking
people to do something for me
it just makes me really uncomfortable i
know it's what everyone does on youtube
and
i have absolutely no qualms with it i
respect them massively for being able to
do it
it just makes me really really
uncomfortable um so
i can't the way that i approach it is
that people know where the subscribe
button is
so if they want to they will anyway i
just don't do it
having said that i am insanely insanely
grateful for anyone who has subscribed
so far
it actually blows my mind every time it
happens it makes me so so happy
and it's probably not a good long-term
strategy to tie my happiness to youtube
but i just cannot believe that anyone
has even watched my video
let alone thought oh this is okay i
could watch some more of this
that just blows my mind every single
time so i'm endlessly grateful
but no i don't think i'll be asking
people to subscribe soon maybe one day
i'll be a legitimate youtuber and say
like comment and subscribe to each
channel no i can't i can't do it no
will you stay in london forever oh very
good question
i would say most likely not just because
even though i've lived in london the
majority of my life
i haven't traveled the world as much as
i'd want to and
you know it's a it's a bigish place so
chances are i'll fall in love with
something somewhere else and end up
living there so statistically probably
not but i'll still come back to it
because my heart is here
what did you want to be when you were
younger oh i love this i spent a lot of
time thinking of what i wanted to do
when i was younger initially i wanted to
be an
artist and a theater actress but this
was kind of my unrealistic childhood
dream i don't think i'm creative enough
for that
but later as an adult i seriously
considered going into physics and
philosophy and becoming an
astrophysicist and science communicator
that was my absolute strongest dream
it's still my
run away with a circus stream that i
would do now as an adult
i really really enjoy talking to people
and connecting with people and because
i'm also a massive nerd
i guess kind of medicine fits in with
that so that's why i picked medicine in
the end
so it was one of my childhood dreams but
not my main childhood dream if that
makes sense
what is your favorite painting i love
this and let me let me get it so this is
my favorite painting
it is the starry nights by van gogh and
i could go on for days why this should
be everyone's favorite painting
but um yeah i made this in 2018 and it
is just
a copy of the original one but it has
come with me everywhere i go it's always
in my bedroom it is
such an important uh symbol to me so yes
this is my favorite painting thank you
for asking
so what is your favorite starbucks order
i don't drink coffee it tastes really
really grim
and i have a reason for this actually i
have a uh snip some
polymorphism that makes coffee taste
more bitter to me and also affects me
more
so i can drink coffee at 1 pm and i'll
be awake at 1am
so i just don't drink decaf tea all the
way love my teas we'll never drink
coffee it is
disgusting the next question is can you
overview your journey into medicine this
is a very common question i was thinking
of doing a video about it but i honestly
bore myself
talking about this let alone other
people so i decided against it
but basically i applied for medicine
when i was in high school so that was
back in 2014
and i got accepted into king's college
london where i study now
but i ended up deferring by one year
which then spiraled into deferring for
three years
and i only started uh medical school in
so yeah for that reason i'm a lot older
than everyone else so i'm 25 years old
now
but i don't have another undergraduate
degree so i'm older than the postgrads
but i don't have a postgraduate degree
so that um explains that two are my
favorite youtubers this is very very
easy i really didn't watch youtube
before
only since i've started my channel i've
tried to kind of
take inspiration and learn from other
youtubers to improve my own videos but
before that i really didn't use youtube
a lot
um so my favorite youtubers are four so
that's eliadel veritasium vsauce
and what i've learned i'll link those
channels below they are brilliant
what are your favorite books i can't
pick
if i would have to pick the one that has
been the most life-changing for me
i think it would have to be harry potter
because until i was 13
all i did was just read harry potter
basically uh when the new books would
come out i would do
nothing until i'd finished them i
remember my mom once actually
hid a book in the freezer because i
would find it everywhere else it was
hidden i just had to finish it
i love them so so much so definitely
harry potter
and i also keep the first harry potter
book that i had
always with me so i carry it no matter
where i travel because it makes me feel
really nostalgic
my favorite book as an adult is to the
lighthouse by virginia wools it's not a
giftable book nothing really happens in
it but
you know if you know you know it's
brilliant what tips do you have for
smaller youtubers um i do have a video
on this already that i'll link
but there's one thing i didn't mention
in that video that really really helps
me
and that's the rule of 20 so it's very
very easy to compare yourself to others
and think why is no one watching my
videos when you start there's literally
like no views almost
and you're saying i'm saying the same
things everyone else why does no one
want to listen to me what's
wrong with me am i really bad at this
and this is a thought that i definitely
still have
so much but if 20 of your subscribers
watch your video
that is really really good let's say you
have 40 subscribers you should expect to
have only eight views
per video and if you have eight that is
great you're doing things right
if you have nine or more then that's
absolutely brilliant that video is doing
so well
and if you have less than eight then
that's great that's an opportunity to
learn
so this is kind of the way that i view
my videos i hope that's kind of
pacifying in the sense of why are my
videos not doing well which is something
that i definitely have
all the time is what are my top five
favorite films of all time
i don't actually watch a lot of tv or
movies i think it's because i live alone
i can't pay attention to them
i'll start i'll be super excited and
i'll get some popcorn and i'll sit down
and then 10 minutes and i'm like okay
i'm done i want my phone or i'll just
leave and do something else
so i really struggle to concentrate but
if i'm with other people i find it a lot
easier and more entertaining to watch
movies because it becomes a social
activity so to answer this question i'll
give one of
my favorite movies which is um
what's it called
one shot island there we go so yeah my
favorite movie of all time
would be shutter island if you have any
good movie recommendations please please
let me know next question is how to
study and do youtube at the same time
um i don't think it's very different to
doing anything else and most people have
something that they do on the side
be that a part-time job or they like to
watch movies or
um they do sports and different things
so i don't think it's too dissimilar to
that
i think it's just a case of organizing
your time the next question is do you
know what speciality you want to go into
um i've been searching on surgery for a
very long time however recently
i think in this last year a lot has
changed and how i view the world
and definitely my opinions on surgery
and medicine in general have changed a
lot
i do know that if i do end up staying in
medicine it will probably be something
quite practical
so maybe surgery maybe anaesthetics
maybe emergency medicine
so yeah i think something very practical
how do i deal with so many messages i
love this
um in real life me as elizabeth i am not
popular at all i don't get many messages
but in my different roles at work
i have to respond to a lot of messages
and
i think that that kind of spills onto my
personal life
in that i am notorious for not answering
people for
very very long periods of time i would
say my secret is to remove
red receipts in your whatsapp and also
to make it clear to your friends that
your response rate is
not at all in any way a reflection of
your affection for them so yeah those
would be my top two tips
that seems to be everything for now
sorry i do not want to make this
painfully long i also haven't
technically asked anyone
for uh consent to use their names in
this video so i'll just
anonymize every question here if you did
ask the question thank you so so much
and if you made it to the end of this
video as always
thank you for spending this time with me
i hope you have a wonderful rest of your
day be kind to yourself and others and
don't believe everything you think
thanks bye